- Nothing burns me
it gives me
do not
Y
bryant youtube people in this new
video the hunger games with silent chip
while recording and I'm recording from
done now I swear I have so much
the one that I can not open anything
a fish not a cookie again mother
destroys it here runs towards a tower
towards one of the towers that are there
then how will we meet
up to this point
there I have the fault I will hit you there
hit the sheep usually steal the
position
the replacements we are going to die hitting him
hit him with the stick you're going to steal
I keep it in the sea and with the
extinguisher
and I think I hit you I have many
to die
facing
I think that there are more, because with
this speed kit
because you are or you are a witness raster
come on let's see if we find graph
of the sticks for the wooden sticks
so there comes a guy I go and
hit him to talk
but I have a lot of fucking pus and today I already
I spent the stick already know that we are thieves
you know we're thieves but it's been
run on the stick disappeared that's
normal
I do not know depends on what you refer is
wood stick from kraft to tec raf between
others
otherwise you do not have them all
together that is why it is not like that separately
do not put the five that you have
given in the same box because you get
erase all
with somewhat separate errors we are going to take
here are some going to say here died a
asshole here died such an intifada
I want to be here fucking idiots or
Fags are hidden crimes and there
to break this
can bring ar knows some things
- Nothing, I'm leaving, I eat water
is that it brings
do not
7 but good not
pinches fagots again covered
Well that was the first hunger games'
blot bayle this is solved with
practice do not worry frustrate with
practice and with that silent help me a
little too true silent beech
they killed a good mother that I show
I have truth this is see us to another
next to hong the game people are waiting for them
have liked, although it is easy but good
bye
it is said they praise him
Yes Yes